of the blue purple and scarlet thread
of the blue purple and scarlet thread they made garments of ministry for
they made garments of ministry for
they made garments of ministry for ministering in the holy place and made
ministering in the holy place and made
ministering in the holy place and made the holy garments for aaron as the Lord
the holy garments for aaron as the Lord
the holy garments for aaron as the Lord had commanded Moses he made the ephod of
had commanded Moses he made the ephod of
had commanded Moses he made the ephod of gold blue purple and scarlet thread and
gold blue purple and scarlet thread and
gold blue purple and scarlet thread and a fine woven linen and they beat the
a fine woven linen and they beat the
a fine woven linen and they beat the gold into thin sheets and cut it into
gold into thin sheets and cut it into
gold into thin sheets and cut it into threads to work it in with the blue
threads to work it in with the blue
threads to work it in with the blue purple and scarlet thread and the fine
purple and scarlet thread and the fine
purple and scarlet thread and the fine linen into artistic designs they made
linen into artistic designs they made
linen into artistic designs they made shoulder straps for it to couple it
shoulder straps for it to couple it
shoulder straps for it to couple it together
together
together it was coupled together at its two edges
it was coupled together at its two edges
it was coupled together at its two edges and the intricately woven band of his
and the intricately woven band of his
and the intricately woven band of his effort that was on it was over the same
effort that was on it was over the same
effort that was on it was over the same workmanship woven of gold blue purple
workmanship woven of gold blue purple
workmanship woven of gold blue purple and scarlet thread and a fine woven
and scarlet thread and a fine woven
and scarlet thread and a fine woven linen as the Lord had commanded Moses
linen as the Lord had commanded Moses
linen as the Lord had commanded Moses and they said Onyx stones enclosed in
and they said Onyx stones enclosed in
and they said Onyx stones enclosed in settings of gold they were engraved as
settings of gold they were engraved as
settings of gold they were engraved as cygnets are engraved with the names of
cygnets are engraved with the names of
cygnets are engraved with the names of the sons of Israel he put them on the
the sons of Israel he put them on the
the sons of Israel he put them on the shoulders of the ephod as memorial
shoulders of the ephod as memorial
shoulders of the ephod as memorial stones for the sons of Israel as the
stones for the sons of Israel as the
stones for the sons of Israel as the Lord had commanded Moses and he made the
Lord had commanded Moses and he made the
Lord had commanded Moses and he made the breastplate artistically woven like the
breastplate artistically woven like the
breastplate artistically woven like the workmanship of the ephod of gold blue
workmanship of the ephod of gold blue
workmanship of the ephod of gold blue purple and scarlet thread and a fine
purple and scarlet thread and a fine
purple and scarlet thread and a fine woven linen they made the breastplate
woven linen they made the breastplate
woven linen they made the breastplate square by doubling it a span was its
square by doubling it a span was its
square by doubling it a span was its length and a span its width
length and a span its width
length and a span its width when doubled and they set in it four
when doubled and they set in it four
when doubled and they set in it four rows of stones a row with assadís a
rows of stones a row with assadís a
rows of stones a row with assadís a topaz and an emerald was the first row
topaz and an emerald was the first row
topaz and an emerald was the first row the second row a turquoise a sapphire
the second row a turquoise a sapphire
the second row a turquoise a sapphire and a diamond
and a diamond
and a diamond the third row adjacent and agate and an
the third row adjacent and agate and an
the third row adjacent and agate and an amethyst the fourth row a barrel and
amethyst the fourth row a barrel and
amethyst the fourth row a barrel and onyx and a Jasper
onyx and a Jasper
onyx and a Jasper they were enclosed in settings of gold
they were enclosed in settings of gold
they were enclosed in settings of gold in their mountings there were twelve
in their mountings there were twelve
in their mountings there were twelve stones according to the names of the
stones according to the names of the
stones according to the names of the sons of Israel according to their names
sons of Israel according to their names
sons of Israel according to their names engraved like a signet each one with its
engraved like a signet each one with its
engraved like a signet each one with its own name according to the twelve tribes
own name according to the twelve tribes
own name according to the twelve tribes and they made chains for the breastplate
and they made chains for the breastplate
and they made chains for the breastplate at the ends like braided calls of pure
at the ends like braided calls of pure
at the ends like braided calls of pure gold
gold
gold they also made two settings of gold and
they also made two settings of gold and
they also made two settings of gold and two gold rings and put the two rings on
two gold rings and put the two rings on
two gold rings and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate and they
the two ends of the breastplate and they
the two ends of the breastplate and they put the two braided chains of gold in
put the two braided chains of gold in
put the two braided chains of gold in the two rings on the ends of the
the two rings on the ends of the
the two rings on the ends of the breastplate the two ends of the two
breastplate the two ends of the two
breastplate the two ends of the two braided chains they fastened in the two
braided chains they fastened in the two
braided chains they fastened in the two settings and put them on the shoulder
settings and put them on the shoulder
settings and put them on the shoulder straps of the e-flat in the front and
straps of the e-flat in the front and
straps of the e-flat in the front and they made two rings of gold and put them
they made two rings of gold and put them
they made two rings of gold and put them on the two ends of the breastplate on
on the two ends of the breastplate on
on the two ends of the breastplate on the edge of it which was on the inward
the edge of it which was on the inward
the edge of it which was on the inward side of the e foot they made two other
side of the e foot they made two other
side of the e foot they made two other gold rings and put them on the two
gold rings and put them on the two
gold rings and put them on the two shoulder straps underneath the ephod
shoulder straps underneath the ephod
shoulder straps underneath the ephod toward its front right at the seam above
toward its front right at the seam above
toward its front right at the seam above the intricately woven band of the ephod
the intricately woven band of the ephod
the intricately woven band of the ephod and they bound the breastplate by means
and they bound the breastplate by means
and they bound the breastplate by means of its rings to the rings of the EF end
of its rings to the rings of the EF end
of its rings to the rings of the EF end with a blue cord so that it will be
with a blue cord so that it will be
with a blue cord so that it will be above the intricately woven band of the
above the intricately woven band of the
above the intricately woven band of the ephod and that the breastplate would not
ephod and that the breastplate would not
ephod and that the breastplate would not come loose from the infant as the Lord
come loose from the infant as the Lord
come loose from the infant as the Lord had commanded Moses he made the robe of
had commanded Moses he made the robe of
had commanded Moses he made the robe of the ephod of woven work all of blue and
the ephod of woven work all of blue and
the ephod of woven work all of blue and there was an opening in the middle of
there was an opening in the middle of
there was an opening in the middle of the road like the opening in a coat of
the road like the opening in a coat of
the road like the opening in a coat of mail with a woven binding all around the
mail with a woven binding all around the
mail with a woven binding all around the opening so that it would not tear they
opening so that it would not tear they
opening so that it would not tear they made on the hem of the
made on the hem of the
made on the hem of the pomegranates of blue purple and scarlet
pomegranates of blue purple and scarlet
pomegranates of blue purple and scarlet and a fine woven linen and they made
and a fine woven linen and they made
and a fine woven linen and they made bells of pure gold and put the bells
bells of pure gold and put the bells
bells of pure gold and put the bells between the pomegranates on the hem of
between the pomegranates on the hem of
between the pomegranates on the hem of the robe all around between the
the robe all around between the
the robe all around between the pomegranates a bell and a pomegranate a
pomegranates a bell and a pomegranate a
pomegranates a bell and a pomegranate a bell and a pomegranate all around the
bell and a pomegranate all around the
bell and a pomegranate all around the hem of the robe to minister in as the
hem of the robe to minister in as the
hem of the robe to minister in as the Lord had commanded Moses they made
Lord had commanded Moses they made
Lord had commanded Moses they made tunics artistically woven of fine linen
tunics artistically woven of fine linen
tunics artistically woven of fine linen for Aaron and his sons a turban of fine
for Aaron and his sons a turban of fine
for Aaron and his sons a turban of fine linen exquisite hats of fine linen short
linen exquisite hats of fine linen short
linen exquisite hats of fine linen short trousers of fine woven linen and a sash
trousers of fine woven linen and a sash
trousers of fine woven linen and a sash a fine woven linen with blue purple and
a fine woven linen with blue purple and
a fine woven linen with blue purple and scarlet thread made by a weaver as the
scarlet thread made by a weaver as the
scarlet thread made by a weaver as the Lord had commanded Moses then they made
Lord had commanded Moses then they made
Lord had commanded Moses then they made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold
the plate of the holy crown of pure gold
the plate of the holy crown of pure gold and wrote on it an inscription like the
and wrote on it an inscription like the
and wrote on it an inscription like the engraving of a signet holiness to the
engraving of a signet holiness to the
engraving of a signet holiness to the Lord and they tied to it a blue cord to
Lord and they tied to it a blue cord to
Lord and they tied to it a blue cord to fasten it above on the turban as the
fasten it above on the turban as the
fasten it above on the turban as the Lord had commanded Moses Russ all the
Lord had commanded Moses Russ all the
Lord had commanded Moses Russ all the work of the tabernacle of the tent of
work of the tabernacle of the tent of
work of the tabernacle of the tent of meeting was finished and the children of
meeting was finished and the children of
meeting was finished and the children of Israel did according to all that the
Israel did according to all that the
Israel did according to all that the Lord had commanded Moses so they did and
Lord had commanded Moses so they did and
Lord had commanded Moses so they did and they brought the tabernacle to Moses the
they brought the tabernacle to Moses the
they brought the tabernacle to Moses the tent and all its furnishings its clasps
tent and all its furnishings its clasps
tent and all its furnishings its clasps its boards its bars its pillars and its
its boards its bars its pillars and its
its boards its bars its pillars and its sockets the covering of RAM skins dyed
sockets the covering of RAM skins dyed
sockets the covering of RAM skins dyed red the covering of badger skins and the
red the covering of badger skins and the
red the covering of badger skins and the veil of the covering the Ark of the
veil of the covering the Ark of the
veil of the covering the Ark of the testimony with its poles and the mercy
testimony with its poles and the mercy
testimony with its poles and the mercy seat the table all its utensils and the
seat the table all its utensils and the
seat the table all its utensils and the showbread
showbread
showbread the pure gold lamp stand with its lamps
the pure gold lamp stand with its lamps
the pure gold lamp stand with its lamps lamps set in order all its utensils and
lamps set in order all its utensils and
lamps set in order all its utensils and the oil for light the gold altar the
the oil for light the gold altar the
the oil for light the gold altar the anointing oil and the sweet incense the
anointing oil and the sweet incense the
anointing oil and the sweet incense the screen for the tabernacle door the
screen for the tabernacle door the
screen for the tabernacle door the bronze altar it's great of bronze its
bronze altar it's great of bronze its
bronze altar it's great of bronze its poles and all its utensils
poles and all its utensils
poles and all its utensils Beleza with its base the hangings of the
Beleza with its base the hangings of the
Beleza with its base the hangings of the court its pillars and its sockets the
court its pillars and its sockets the
court its pillars and its sockets the screen for the court gate its chords and
screen for the court gate its chords and
screen for the court gate its chords and its pegs all the utensils for the
its pegs all the utensils for the
its pegs all the utensils for the service of the tabernacle for the tent
service of the tabernacle for the tent
service of the tabernacle for the tent of meeting and the garments of ministry
of meeting and the garments of ministry
of meeting and the garments of ministry to minister in the holy place the holy
to minister in the holy place the holy
to minister in the holy place the holy garments for aaron the priest and his
garments for aaron the priest and his
garments for aaron the priest and his sons garments to minister as priests
sons garments to minister as priests
sons garments to minister as priests according to all that the Lord had
according to all that the Lord had
according to all that the Lord had commanded Moses so the children of
commanded Moses so the children of
commanded Moses so the children of Israel did all the work
Israel did all the work
Israel did all the work then Moses looked over all the work and
then Moses looked over all the work and
then Moses looked over all the work and indeed they had done it as the Lord had
indeed they had done it as the Lord had
indeed they had done it as the Lord had commanded just so they had done it
commanded just so they had done it
commanded just so they had done it and Moses blessed them
and Moses blessed them
and Moses blessed them [Music]